1.
Question 1
Your UX design team has ideated and come up with a bunch of ideas for the app they will be creating. The team has taken a break and now has come back together to evaluate the ideas. How should the team evaluate the ideas? Select all that apply.





Identify if the ideas are desirable, including if they solve the user problem.



Identify if the ideas are interesting, including if they are likely to gain user attention and retention.



Identify if the ideas are feasible, including if they are technically feasible to build.



Identify if the ideas are viable, including if they are financially beneficial to the client.


1 point
2.
Question 2
The UX design team has settled on a few ideas that they think are viable for the design. What is the best action the design team should take to decide on the best option for the design solution? 





Have the client review the ideas and select the one that they like best.



Create designs for each solution and identify which one meets the user needs and the scope of work requirements.



Have the design team vote to see what the majority likes.



Ask users to test the ideas to see which one seems to resonate the most. 


1 point
3.
Question 3
Your UX design team is partnering with the client’s marketing and branding team. What elements should your team discuss with the client team to help ensure the design choices are  on target? Select all that apply.





Voice



Tone



Company hierarchy



Competitors


1 point
4.
Question 4
You are recapping the user research you did for your client. They asked about empathy maps and their purpose. What should you tell them?





Empathy maps are a series of experiences a user has as they interact with the product. 



Empathy maps give insight into the users' minds and hearts to help us understand their thoughts and feelings in a given situation.



Empathy maps are fictional one-sentence stories told from a fictional user’s point of view to inspire and inform design decisions



Empathy maps are fictional user profiles that the design team created to represent the goals and characteristics of the potential users. 


1 point
5.
Question 5
Your UX design team has created a goal statement based on the insights and research they have gathered. What should their goal statement include? Select all that apply.





The best practices for UX design and the team members who will ensure these are carried out in the design



The delivery timeline and go-live dates for launch



The ideal solution for the design



One or two sentences that describe the product and its benefits for the users


1 point
6.
Question 6
You have advised your UX design team that the goal statement they are crafting should answer the questions: who, what, why, and how. The team asks you where they should get this information from. What would you tell them?





The user research that has already been conducted in the empathy phase



The insights that came out of the ideation phase brainstorming sessions 



The client interviews and due diligence that was done prior to the project starting



The approved statement of work


1 point
7.
Question 7
During the ideation phase, you ask your team to identify potential competitors and identify their strengths and weaknesses. What is this called? 





A competitive audit 



A comparative audit



A partner audit



A team audit


1 point
8.
Question 8
You are reviewing the next steps in the design process and ask your team to conduct a competitive audit. One of your team members asks you to remind them why they should spend time doing this. How should you respond? Select all that apply. 






A competitive audit helps solve usability problems. You can look at the competitor’s products and identify if it is difficult to use or where the problem areas might be, and you can then avoid those issues in your own design.



A competitive audit helps inform your design process by showing you how competitors approached their design.



A competitive audit informs the team of the competitor’s backgrounds, their qualifications, and how they came up with the product designs.



A competitive audit can inform you of gaps in the market and help you identify needs that the competitors do not meet. 


1 point
9.
Question 9
You have asked your team to conduct a competitive audit. You tell them that in general, competitive audits are really useful and have a lot of benefits for the design research. But there are some limitations. What are some limitations of competitive audits? Select all that apply.





They can be biased depending on the designer who is conducting the research and their perception of the product or company they are researching.



The research can be interpreted incorrectly.



The research may be skewed if the product is older or the business has had turnover.



They can stifle creativity.


1 point
10.
Question 10
Your UX design team is working on “How might we” phrases during their ideation for the app they are tasked with designing. They ask you for advice on how to phrase the questions. What advice should you give them? 





The questions should be specific in describing the needs of the user, but broad enough to leave room for solutions. 



The questions should be very broad to gain a general understanding of the actions potential users want to take in the design.



The questions should be extremely specific and targeted towards actions and outcomes that the team has deemed necessary in the design.



The questions should be broad enough to capture ideas, but specific enough to identify which user suggested the action or solution.


1 point
